---
Session: 2
Title: The Lower Depths
Arc: Arch 1
Chapter: Chapter 1
Location: Skadia/Eldermount.md
PartyLevel: 1
Status: Planned
Type: Main Story
tags:
  - session
  - pathfinder2e
  - ammiryon
---
# Session 2 – The Lower Depths
**Arc:** Arch 1  
**Chapter:** Chapter 1  
**Location:** [[Skadia/Eldermount.md]]  
**Party Level:** 1  
**Session Type:** Main Story  

---
## Recap
From the previous session, the party explored [[Market Centre]], meeting some of the people of the city. At one point [[Ash - Elliot]] and [[Urist - Adam]] noticed man in distress, with a figure in a hood rushing away from the individual. This man mutated into something known as an [[Infected]], which the party managed to defeat. Afterwards, the group are approached by [[Captain Jorek Valeen]], who deputises them to look into the situation regarding the individual who got mutated and killed.

The Party then went to the [[Dragonclaw Tavern]], and booked out the private back room to discuss the events. [[Urist - Adam]] and [[Ash - Elliot]] argued for abit about how [[Ash - Elliot]] was keeping some secrets. Whilst they argued and inspected [[M.I.D.A - Ruby]]; A letter was put into the room. Upon inspection, the letter was magical - Telling the party that they were being watched. Afterwards, [[M.I.D.A - Ruby]] and [[Urist - Adam]] went and spoke to a few individuals, incase they had seen anyone approach the back room, and they gathered that someone in a brown cloak with a dagger imprinted with some kind of bird had been spotted. The Party made plans to go to the Blacksmiths in the morning, with [[M.I.D.A - Ruby]] and [[Urist - Adam]] renting a room in the [[Dragonclaw Tavern]], and [[Ash - Elliot]] went back to their guild housing
## Planned Events
- The Party Plan to Visit the Blacksmith
	- The Blacksmith will direct them towards [[Eldermount#The Lower Tunnels|The Lower Tunnels]].
## Expected NPCs
- [[Uriel Stormwind]] (*The Tavern Keep*)
- [[Cael Varen]] (*The Blacksmith*)
## Planned Encounters
No Planned Encounters at the moment

## GM Notes:  
Ideally the players will follow the information given to them by [[Cael Varen]], which will lead them into [[Eldermount#The Lower Tunnels|The Lower Tunnels]], where they will have the option to explore [['The Depths']] or [[The Cinderways]], My expectation is that [[Ash - Elliot]] will try to keep them away from [['The Depths']], so i will prepare less for that and more for [[The Cinderways]]]
