---
Session: 2
Title: The Lower Depths
Arc: Arch 1
Chapter: Chapter 1
Location: Skadia/Eldermount.md
PartyLevel: 1
Status: Planned
Type: Main Story
tags:
  - session
  - pathfinder2e
  - ammiryon
---
# Session 2 – The Lower Depths
**Arc:** Arch 1  
**Chapter:** Chapter 1  
**Location:** [[Skadia/Eldermount.md]]  
**Party Level:** 1  
**Session Type:** Main Story  

---
## Recap
From the previous session, the party explored [[Market Centre]], meeting some of the people of the city. At one point [[Ash - Elliot]] and [[Urist - Adam]] noticed man in distress, with a figure in a hood rushing away from the individual. This man mutated into something known as an [[Infected]], which the party managed to defeat. Afterwards, the group are approached by [[Captain Jorek Valeen]], who deputises them to look into the situation regarding the individual who got mutated and killed.

The Party then went to the [[Dragonclaw Tavern]], and booked out the private back room to discuss the events. [[Urist - Adam]] and [[Ash - Elliot]] argued for abit about how [[Ash - Elliot]] was keeping some secrets. Whilst they argued and inspected [[M.I.D.A - Ruby]]; A letter was put into the room. Upon inspection, the letter was magical - Telling the party that they were being watched. Afterwards, [[M.I.D.A - Ruby]] and [[Urist - Adam]] went and spoke to a few individuals, incase they had seen anyone approach the back room, and they gathered that someone in a brown cloak with a dagger imprinted with some kind of bird had been spotted. The Party made plans to go to the Blacksmiths in the morning, with [[M.I.D.A - Ruby]] and [[Urist - Adam]] renting a room in the [[Dragonclaw Tavern]], and [[Ash - Elliot]] went back to their guild housing
## Planned Events
- The Party Plan to Visit the Blacksmith
	- The Blacksmith will direct them towards [[Eldermount#The Lower Tunnels|The Lower Tunnels]].
## Expected NPCs
- [[Uriel Stormwind]] (*The Tavern Keep*)
- [[Cael Varen]] (*The Blacksmith*)
## Planned Encounters
No Planned Encounters at the moment

## GM Notes:  
Ideally the players will follow the information given to them by [[Cael Varen]], which will lead them into [[Eldermount#The Lower Tunnels|The Lower Tunnels]], where they will have the option to explore [['The Depths']] or [[The Cinderways]], My expectation is that [[Ash - Elliot]] will try to keep them away from [['The Depths']], so i will prepare less for that and more for [[The Cinderways]]

## Session Note
[[Marra]] will be keeping an ear out for anything PHEONIX related
[[Urist - Adam]] and [[M.I.D.A - Ruby]] go to the blacksmiths, [[Cael Varen]] got a letter asking to make these pommels, which the group have agreed to deliver
[[Ash - Elliot]] spends time working in the Guild, [[Uriel Stormwind]] buys some ingredients, makes small talk, opens windows for mentoring?
[[Ash - Elliot]] sees a new standard order from [[The Cinderways]], 30/40gold worth -> PHEONIX INGREDIENTS
[[Ancient Ruins]] delivery; Dragon's Blood - Stabilizing Agents?

[[Ash - Elliot]] is looking into a man called [[Victor]] (See Crit Role Victor)

The address to deliver for [[Cael Varen]] is the same as [[Victor]], when the party arrive at his address, it is ransacked - [[Ash - Elliot]] has a PTSD episode. The building gets set on fire as many individuals run in the building. The party flees out of the second story building, and run down the tunnels behind the house
